Create README.md for Elastic InfraMetricsProcessor (#15)
elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components: processor/elasticinframetricsprocessor/README.md

# Elastic Infra Metrics Processor

<!-- status autogenerated section -->
| Status        |           |
| ------------- |-----------|
| Stability     | [alpha]:  metrics  |
| Distributions |  |
| [Code Owners](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#becoming-a-code-owner)    | [@ishleenk17](https://www.github.com/ishleenk17) |

[beta]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#beta
[core]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/tree/main/distributions/otelcol
[contrib]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/tree/main/distributions/otelcol-contrib
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

The Elastic Infra Metrics Processor can be used to bridge the gap between OTEL and Elastic Infra Metrics. It is used to power the Curated UI's in Elastic. 
This processor uses the [elastic/opentelemtery-lib](https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-lib) library, which derives and adds Elastic compatible metrics from the OTEL metrics without altering the OTEL metrics. 
The processor should be used only with the below receivers and exporter.

> **Receivers**: It should be used with the [Hostmetrics receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver/README.md), [Kubeletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Receivers**: It should be used with the [Host Metrics Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver#host-metrics-receiver), [Kubeletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver).<br>
```

> **Receivers**: It should be used with the [Hostmetrics receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver/README.md), [Kubeletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Receivers**: It should be used with the [Hostmetrics receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver/README.md) and [Kubelet Stats Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver#kubelet-stats-receiver).<br>
```

Reviewer: That's still valid: https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components/pull/15#discussion_r1646338850

> **Receivers**: It should be used with the [Host Metrics Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver#host-metrics-receiver), [Kubeletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Receivers**: It should be used with the [Host Metrics Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver#host-metrics-receiver) and [Kubelet Stats Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver#kubelet-stats-receiver).<br>
```

> **Exporter**: It should be used only with the Elastic Exporter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Exporter**: It should be used only with the [Elasticsearch Exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter#elasticsearch-exporter). 
```

Author: I think we should not point it to upstream exporter as of now, since it doesn't have metrics support. 
Maybe we can edit it once the support goes upstream.

Reviewer: Technically there is no Elastic Exporter component so this can be even more confusing. So either we skip it entirely or we point to a valid component even if metrics support is not available yet?
